README.md, before:

# Memory Game

There are 8 pairs of cards randomly shuffled on the game board. Match up all the pairs of cards to win the game.

![memory game](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/7u4Eug2nbtfqU6xxvxBxJ_osErBXWZIvjgFNNyVeX8Em9H3FSkk33t0eLTKuy3Ctr8U0hhuLBuK02CCeEpnaOCy-zVCSamUcPztMNCTIIai6DvyoQ_OAbEgaBeLUGnf3RZ8M_DWbBHEThBmAN278h1_vFMFgB48esMrI_Yxu2XXxh7UiSXPRaD3dag4BytAWBiGAje5Iy_11YjvvW72OOKQB9gQxDskAFpjG2uzF6JR8Ej28_3qfDPq83f6QuimOtH0moU54sTSG2R4UMG3_zgbwpQn-0jEV_8fX-KpA-BtEcX95zNizWc4-5dDRV62dH2BcNrAB8_yv30k5PgyZf5gHkF3hk-cu7335PSR0fdLrLczJJz0NhfG6LbM_q341MJpPMVFyQIItja5tu4X45lQTQ_M_GeE8zGDsx3ZLJP9cX5yvOU4snSwuNuQPvLNnVu5HE0A6V-Re2xMrd_PmQl9Po_b1pYu-dX930hkVMldJRagUZG9wnpDQ1cHE-MKqhuaW7dGMpFcra77qSRcTKL8OLr9TNbcaioQljvKsVWDa5UaaLtG6Ttor5qAw75_gbX4tUD4UmRn2NcKm1vy60qDGw8Zgl6B1bk4Z4tg=w398-h500-no)

## Motivation
This game was built as part of the Grow With Google Front End Web Developer Nanodegree Scholarship. This is Project 2 in the course.
Coded from scratch using HTML, CSS & Javascript.


## Getting Started
View the game here - [ Memory Game](http://portfolio.threadkind.com/GWGND02-Memory-Game/).

The app incorporates responsive design, so it is able to be played across mobile devices, tablets and desktop computers.


## How to Play
When you load the page there will be an overlay on the screen. Click on the play button to start the game.

When you click to play the overlay will be removed, the game board is revealed and the time will start.

Click on a card to turn it over and see what image is on it. Click a second card to see if you can find a match.

If the cards match they will stay face up. When cards are matched they are unable to be flipped over again.

If the cards do not match they will turn over again automatically and you will need to remember where they are for when you find its match.

Click on different cards to try to find all the matches.

When you have matched up all of the pairs you will win the game.

When you win the game there will be an overlay congratulating you and giving you data about the game you just played. You will see the time it took to complete the game and how many stars you were awarded (which is based on the number of moves you took to win the game - the lower the moves the more stars you will be awarded).

On the winning overlay there will be a button to allow you to reset the game and play again.


## Dependancies
This game is written in HTML, CSS & Javascript. No additional libraries/frameworks/templates were used in its creation.

The game uses [Google Font: Titan One](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Titan+One).

All images used in the game were created by Amy Winne.


## Author
- Amy W

Commit message:

Add 'new record' feature which stores best time in local storage

README.md, after:

# Memory Game

There are 8 pairs of cards randomly shuffled on the game board. Match up all the pairs of cards to win the game.

![memory game](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/7u4Eug2nbtfqU6xxvxBxJ_osErBXWZIvjgFNNyVeX8Em9H3FSkk33t0eLTKuy3Ctr8U0hhuLBuK02CCeEpnaOCy-zVCSamUcPztMNCTIIai6DvyoQ_OAbEgaBeLUGnf3RZ8M_DWbBHEThBmAN278h1_vFMFgB48esMrI_Yxu2XXxh7UiSXPRaD3dag4BytAWBiGAje5Iy_11YjvvW72OOKQB9gQxDskAFpjG2uzF6JR8Ej28_3qfDPq83f6QuimOtH0moU54sTSG2R4UMG3_zgbwpQn-0jEV_8fX-KpA-BtEcX95zNizWc4-5dDRV62dH2BcNrAB8_yv30k5PgyZf5gHkF3hk-cu7335PSR0fdLrLczJJz0NhfG6LbM_q341MJpPMVFyQIItja5tu4X45lQTQ_M_GeE8zGDsx3ZLJP9cX5yvOU4snSwuNuQPvLNnVu5HE0A6V-Re2xMrd_PmQl9Po_b1pYu-dX930hkVMldJRagUZG9wnpDQ1cHE-MKqhuaW7dGMpFcra77qSRcTKL8OLr9TNbcaioQljvKsVWDa5UaaLtG6Ttor5qAw75_gbX4tUD4UmRn2NcKm1vy60qDGw8Zgl6B1bk4Z4tg=w398-h500-no)

## Motivation
This game was built as part of the Grow With Google Front End Web Developer Nanodegree Scholarship. This is Project 2 in the course.
Coded from scratch using HTML, CSS & Javascript.


## Getting Started
View the game here - [ Memory Game](http://portfolio.threadkind.com/GWGND02-Memory-Game/).

The app incorporates responsive design, so it is able to be played across mobile devices, tablets and desktop computers.


## How to Play
When you load the page there will be an overlay on the screen. Click on the play button to start the game.

When you click to play the overlay will be removed, the game board is revealed and the time will start.

Click on a card to turn it over and see what image is on it. Click a second card to see if you can find a match.

If the cards match they will stay face up. When cards are matched they are unable to be flipped over again.

If the cards do not match they will turn over again automatically and you will need to remember where they are for when you find its match.

Click on different cards to try to find all the matches.

When you have matched up all of the pairs you will win the game.

When you win the game there will be an overlay congratulating you and giving you data about the game you just played. You will see the time it took to complete the game and how many stars you were awarded (which is based on the number of moves you took to win the game - the lower the moves the more stars you will be awarded). The best time is stored in local storage so the game will tell you if you got a new time record.

On the winning overlay there will be a button to allow you to reset the game and play again.


## Dependancies
This game is written in HTML, CSS & Javascript. No additional libraries/frameworks/templates were used in its creation.

The game uses [Google Font: Titan One](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Titan+One).

All images used in the game were created by Amy Winne.


## Author
- Amy W
